Overview
========

Introduction to eformsign
-------------------------

eformsign is an electronic document solution that allows anyone to
easily create electronic documents from paper documents and utilize the
various data stored in electronic documents. You can easily create
electronic documents by uploading your PDF files on eformsign and
converting the files into electronic forms via eformsign's Web Form
Designer feature. You can also create electronic forms by using
eformsign's add-in feature embedded in Microsoft Office (named **Form
Builder** or **OZ in Office**). The Form Builder feature allows anyone
who knows how to use Microsoft Office to easily convert existing
documents to electronic forms.

eformsign allows you to create a workflow for each template according to
your company's business process. You can easily and flexibly create a
document signing process for internal documents requiring approvals as
well as external documents such as contracts, agreements, and
applications. Furthermore, detailed configurations such as notifications
and required fields can be set for each workflow step or recipient, and
document status is recorded as a history log. Moreover, an audit trail
certificate is provided to prevent document forgery and falsification.

eformsign provides a bulk send feature, which users can use to create
and send multiple documents at once. As well, eformsign provides an
auto-fill feature which can minimize repetitive user input. Also, by
adding and configuring custom fields, fields in documents such as
company information, group and member information, recent input value,
and date can be automatically filled in. Furthermore, eformsign allows
users to easily manage companies' members and their permissions,
configure detailed notification settings for documents, and manage and
utilize data entered in documents by extracting input data.

.. figure:: resources/main_feature.png
   :alt: Key Features
   :width: 730px

   Key Features

The eformsign solution also provides a digital signature feature which
allows you to sign e-signatures on electronic documents.

A digital signature is a signature in electronic forms that replaces the
traditional wet-ink signature. Just as when signing a signature on
paper, you need to prove that the signer is you and this is done by
going through an identity verification step. Personal information such
as email, social security number, password, phone number, certificate,
etc. can be used to verify identity.

The legal effect of digital signatures has been implemented in phases in
the vast majority of countries around the world.

eformsignâ€™s e-signatures are legally binding for individual-individual
and corporation-individual matters. As well, it provides various
additional features for non-repudiation.

.. note::

   The following describes the legal effect of digital signatures in
   some regions.

   -  USA: Under the "technologically neutral" principle, any preference
      for more sophisticated or more secure technologies such as PKI is
      not given. There are many cases of increasing the reliability of
      digital signatures through identity verification or authentication
      services.

   -  EU: Digital signatures are categorized into Qualified Electronic
      Signatures (QES), Advanced Electronic Signatures (AdES), and
      general Electronic signatures, and their legal status is applied
      accordingly, corresponding to the characteristics of each type of
      document.

   -  South Korea: Digital signatures based on PKI standards have a
      strong legal status, and their legality is not discriminated
      against wet-ink signatures. According to Section 3.3 of the
      Digital Signature Act, a digital signature other than a certified
      digital signature shall have such an effect of a signature,
      signature and seal, or name and seal, as is agreed between the
      parties concerned.

   -  Japan: With the existence of Specified Authentication Services, a
      stronger legal effect is given to the digital signature authorized
      by the secretary of the state.

Basic Terms
-----------

The following are some basic terms you should be familiar with before
using eformsign.

-  **Web Form Designer**

   Web Form Designer Web Form Designer is a tool for quickly and easily
   creating electronic forms by uploading existing document files on
   eformsign. You can create templates by adding components such as
   signature, text box, and check box to documents such as agreements,
   applications, and contracts in the PDF format. You can then create
   documents from templates and send them to recipients to be reviewed
   and signed.

-  **Form Builder**

   Form Builder Form Builder is a tool used to create electronic forms
   by converting Microsoft Office files such as applications, contracts,
   and agreements into electronic forms that contain components such as
   signature and text box. Form Builder also uploads the converted
   electronic forms on eformsign. Form Builder is a Microsoft Office
   add-in, and it is shown as a ribbon menu called **OZ in Office**.

-  **Dashboard**

   Dashboard This is the main screen shown when logging into eformsign.
   You can access the sidebar menu by clicking the menu icon (|image1|)
   on the left side of the screen. Each menu may appear differently
   depending on the permissions you have. Note that the company
   administrator can access all the menus.

   .. figure:: resources/dashboard.png
      :alt: eformsign Dashboard Screen
      :width: 730px

      eformsign Dashboard Screen

-  **Templates**

   Templates This is an electronic form that serves as a starting point
   for a new document. With a template, you can create many documents
   from it. You can create templates by converting existing Microsoft
   Office files using Form Builder or by uploading PDF files directly on
   eformsign.

-  **New document**

   Documents New documents can be created by using templates in the
   **New document** menu. The number of documents created in eformsign
   refers to the documents created here.

-  **Documents**

   Documents This is a cloud space for storing and viewing documents. It
   consists of the following three spaces according to the document
   status:

   -  **In progress:** In progress Shows the list of documents you have
      created or processed but are incomplete.

   -  **Action required:** Action required Shows the list of documents
      you have temporarily saved or documents that other members have
      requested to you to sign or approve.

   -  **Completed:** Completed Shows the list of all the completed
      documents you have created or participated in.

-  **Workflow**

   Workflow A workflow refers to the entire document process from when a
   document is created to when it is completed. Template managers can
   create the workflow steps for each template. All workflows have two
   default steps, **Start** and **Complete** Start Complete , and can
   add three more types of steps as shown below:

   -  **Approver:** Approver Step in which an approver can approve the
      document sent by the document creator.

   -  **Internal recipient:** Internal recipient Step in which an
      internal recipient (a member of the company) can review and sign
      the document sent by the document creator.

   -  **External recipient:** External recipient Step in which a user
      who is not a member of the company can review and sign the
      document sent by the document creator (or an internal recipient).

   .. figure:: resources/workflow_new.png
      :alt: Workflow Steps
      :width: 400px

      Workflow Steps

-  **Company Administrator**

   Company Administrator The representative of a company and has full
   permission to use eformsign.

-  **Template Management Permission**

   With this permission, a member can access the **Manage templates**
   menu and can manage templates which includes creating, deploying,
   editing, and deleting eformsign templates.

-  **Document Management Permission**

   With this permission, a member can access the **Manage documents**
   menu to view the documents created from each template, approve
   documents requested to be voided, or permanently remove documents
   from the system. Note that the document management permission can be
   set for each separate template.

eformsign Usage Flow
--------------------

To use eformsign, you can either upload a PDF file on eformsign and
create an electronic form online, or create a form using Microsoft Word,
Excel, or PowerPoint and then upload it to eformsign.

.. note::

   Currently, the method of uploading files and creating forms online
   only supports PDF files. Microsoft Office files and image files such
   as JPG and PNG are planned to be supported.

Using Web Form Designer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Web Form Designer You can create a template by uploading a document file
(in the PDF format) on eformsign and then adding the components you want
such as text, signature, and date onto the document. After adding
components in the uploaded document, configure the template settings and
deploy the template. You can configure the detailed template settings by
going to the **Manage templates** menu > selecting the template you want
> setting the **General**, **Set permissions**, **Workflow**, **Field**,
and **Notification settings** tabs > deploying the template. You can
then go to the **New document** menu to create a document from a
template you deployed and send it to recipients.

.. figure:: resources/use_flow_web.png
   :alt: Usage Flow of eformsign Using Web Form Designer
   :width: 700px

   Usage Flow of eformsign Using Web Form Designer

Using Form Builder
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Form Builder You can create a template by creating or opening a document
file in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint), and then using
the ribbon menu (named **OZ in Office**) to add the components you want
such as text, signature, and date onto the document. Then, you can
upload the template you created onto eformsign by clicking the
**Upload** button in the ribbon menu. After uploading the template, set
the template settings and deploy the template. You can set the template
settings by logging into the eformsign website, going to the **Manage
templates** menu > selecting the template you want > setting the
**General**, **Set permissions**, **Workflow**, **Field**, and
**Notification settings** tabs > deploying the template. You can then go
to the **New document** menu to create a document from a deployed
template and send it to recipients.

.. figure:: resources/use_flow.png
   :alt: Usage Flow of eformsign Using Form Builder
   :width: 700px

   Usage Flow of eformsign Using Form Builder

Minimum System Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The minimum system requirements for Form Builder and eformsign are as
follows:

-  **Form Builder (OZ in Office)**

   -  **OS:** Windows 7 and later

   -  **MS Office:** Microsoft Office 2010 and later

-  **eformsign and Web Form Designer**

   -  **OS:** Windows 7 and later, OS X Mavericks and later

   -  **Browser:** Internet Explorer 11 and later, Chrome 49 and later,
      Safari 9 and later

   -  **Mobile OS:** iOS: 6.1.6 and later, Android: 5.0 (Lollipop) and
      later

   .. note::

      Installing the mobile eformsign app is not a mandatory requirement
      for using eformsign.

Use Cases
---------

eformsign can be used for many different use cases, including the
creation of contract, agreement, and application forms. All documents
are encrypted (AES-256 method) and stored in the PDF/A format, which is
the international standard for long-term storage of documents.

Contract Forms
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Electronic documents can be used to sign various types of contracts
including employment contracts, purchase/rental contracts, maintenance
contracts, and franchising contracts. By using eformsign, you can record
the history of contract processes, prevent the forgery of documents
through audit trail certificates, and sign hundreds of contracts without
having face-to-face meetings with customers or contracting parties.

The e-contract process using eformsign is as follows:

.. figure:: resources/contract_ex1.png
   :alt: E-Contract Process
   :width: 730px

   E-Contract Process

Agreement Forms
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Electronic documents can be used to sign various types of agreements
including privacy policy and consent forms, medical informed consent
forms, parental consent forms, and sublease agreement forms. You can use
various types of devices including smartphones, tablets, and computers
to create and send thousands of agreement forms to recipients at once.

The e-agreement process using eformsign is as follows:

.. figure:: resources/usecase-process.PNG
   :alt: E-Agreement Process
   :width: 730px

   E-Agreement Process

Application Forms
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Electronic documents can be used to sign various types of applications
including application forms for registrations, quotations, medical
treatments, and purchases. eformsign's workflow feature allows you to
easily send application forms even when an application form needs to go
through multiple departments in an organization and needs to be
forwarded to the correct department. You can also send a copy of a
completed document to the parties involved immediately after the
document is completed.

.. figure:: resources/workflow_ex1.png
   :alt: Example Workflow of an Application Form
   :width: 400px

   Example Workflow of an Application Form

The e-application process using eformsign is as follows:

.. figure:: resources/application_ex1.png
   :alt: E-Application Process
   :width: 730px

   E-Application Process

.. |image1| image:: resources/menu_icon.png
